docs(root): restructure get started navigation to separate out testing (#300)
mi6/ic-design-system: src/content/structured/get-started/test-components.mdx

---
path: "/get-started/test-components"

navPriority: 2

date: "2023-02-16"

title: "Testing the components"

subTitle: "Test the UI Kit components within the shadow DOM using a testing framework."

contribute: "https://github.com/mi6/ic-design-system/tree/main/src/content/structured/get-started/test-components.mdx"
---

## How we've built the components

Typically, components sit in the DOM, also known as the ['light DOM'](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/blog/what-is-dom/). DOM stands for 'Document Object Model'. The light DOM represents the structure of a webpage as a tree, where each DOM object is a node.

> At the core, our components are based off the web-components spec utilising the shadow DOM. With the shadow DOM, we can encapsulate each component’s markup structure, styling and behaviour so different parts don’t clash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the core, UI Kit components are based off the web components specification, which utilises the shadow DOM. This makes it possible to encapsulate each component’s markup structure, styling and functionality.```

According to [Mozilla](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Web_Components/Using_shadow_DOM), the "shadow DOM allows hidden DOM trees to be attached to elements in the regular DOM tree — this shadow DOM tree starts with a shadow root, underneath which you can attach any element, in the same way as the normal DOM."

> ## Testing shadow components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Testing the components
```
